the 30-strong team are in Micronesia in
the western Pacific they're on a
five-week journey exploring 3,000
kilometers of the remotest waters on
earth their mission to check the health
of the threatened coral reefs and look
for new species in the deep a place
where few people have ever ventured
Kate humbles team are using standard
scuba diving gear to explore the shallow
reefs the most vulnerable part of the
ocean Mike deGruy is on the deep team
they're using state-of-the-art diving
equipment rebreathers that allow them to
go much deeper with Mike our three fish
scientists who dive into this Twilight
Zone we know more about the surface of
the Moon than these extreme depths and
it's here between 60 and 150 meters and
they're finding many new species of fish